Mrs. Lin Zongjun
Am I guilty?
I couldn't keep your tombstone, Aunt Chen
Aunt Chen
Are you all right hahaha lady
Madam, Master Lint
Is the young master guilty?
Failed to hold the tombstones of the departing army and his wife
I'm sorry for the Lins
It's okay. It's okay.
I will get justice for you
I didn't expect you to be here too.
Okay, there is a way to heaven, you don't go
Hell has no door, you have to break in
No one from Heaven Dou will protect you today.
I see who can protect you, Wang Zhongqi
I give you a chance to live
Now kneel before my parents' graves
kowtow to make amends
Why should I apologize to the dead?
Oh wait
So Lin Enzhou is your father?
Sure enough, father and son are both cowards
Hahahahaha
You are not allowed to insult Mr. Lin
Mr. Lin has served the country for several years
For the safety of Dragon City
How can you speak ill of him here?
All I know is that he is a criminal of collaboration and treason
Since Linzer is also a sinner's foolishness
Then I can just destroy the Lin family today
Finished sir
We are no match for the Wang family.
Go away and leave me alone
Aunt Chen
You have been waking for my parents for so many years
How could I leave you alone?
But you are the last bloodline of the Lin family
I can't just watch the Wang family ruin you
Hahaha, are you trying to escape now?
Late linzer
Today I don't just want you to die here
I want your parents to be gone forever
You are courting death